.\" Copyright ([\d,\s]*) by Peter Hutterer
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this documentation 
.\" for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\" The authors make no representations about the .\" suitability for any
.\" purpose of the information in this document.  It is .\" provided \`\`as is''
.\" without express or implied warranty.
.\" 
.ds xL Programming with Xlib
.TH XChangePointerKeyboardPairing __LIB_MAN_SUFFIX__ __xorgversion__ "X FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
XChangePointerKeyboardPairing \- change pointer a keyboard is paired with.
.SH SYNTAX
.HP
XChangePointerKeyboardPairing\^(\^Display *\fIdisplay\fP\^, XDevice*
\fIpointer\fP\^, XDevice *\fIkeyboard\fP\^); 
.fi
\fP
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP 12
.I display
Specifies the connection to the X server.
.TP 12
.I pointer
The pointer the keyboard is to be paired with.
.TP 12
.I keyboard
The keyboard to pair with the given pointer.
.SH DESCRIPTION
A keyboard needs to be paired to a pointer to function properly. Each time a
keyboard-related request, reply or event requires pointer data (e.g.
coordinates), this data is retrieved from the pointer. Similarly, the focus
follows the paired pointer (depending on focus behaviour).
.LP
The \fIChangePointerKeyboardPairing\fP
request changes the pointer for a given keyboard. A keyboard can only be
paired with one pointer, but a pointer can be paired with multiple keyboards.
.LP
By default, a keyboard is paired with the first available unpaired pointer. If
no unpaired pointer is available, the first available pointer is chosen. If no
pointer device is available, the virtual core pointer is chosen.
.LP
\fIXChangePointerKeyboardPairing\fP can generate a \fIBadDevice\fP error.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.TP 12
\fIBadDevice\fP
An invalid device was specified.  The specified device does not exist,
or is not a pointer or keyboard device.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
XGetPairedPointer(__LIB_MAN_SUFFIX__)
.br
\fI\*(xL\fP
