.\" Copyright ([\d,\s]*) by Peter Hutterer
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this documentation 
.\" for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\" The authors make no representations about the .\" suitability for any
.\" purpose of the information in this document.  It is .\" provided \`\`as is''
.\" without express or implied warranty.
.\" 
.ds xL Programming with Xlib
.TH XGetPairedPointer __LIB_MAN_SUFFIX__ __xorgversion__ "X FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
XGetPairedPointer \- get the ID of the pointer paired with the given keyboard.
.SH SYNTAX
.HP
Bool XGetPairedPointer\^(\^Display *\fIdisplay\fP\^, XDevice
*\fIkeyboard\fP\^, XID* deviceid); 
.fi
\fP
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP 12
.I display
Specifies the connection to the X server.
.TP 12
.I keyboard
Specifies the keyboard device to query.
.TP 12
.I deviceid
Returns the ID of the pointer device the keyboard is paired with.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fIXGetPairedPointer\fP
request retrieves the ID of the device that is paired with the given keyboard.
\fIXGetPairedPointer\fP returns \fITRUE\fP if the given keyboard is paired
with a pointer device and sets \fIdeviceid\fP to the ID of this pointer
device. Otherwise, \fIXGetPairedPointer\fP returns \fIFALSE\fP.
.LP
\fIXGetPairedPointer\fP can generate a \fIBadDevice\fP error.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.TP 12
\fIBadDevice\fP
An invalid device was specified.  The specified device does not exist,
or is not a keyboards device.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
XChangePointerKeyboardPairing(__LIB_MAN_SUFFIX__)
.br
\fI\*(xL\fP
