.\" Copyright ([\d,\s]*) by Peter Hutterer
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this documentation 
.\" for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\" The authors make no representations about the .\" suitability for any
.\" purpose of the information in this document.  It is .\" provided \`\`as is''
.\" without express or implied warranty.
.\" 
.ds xL Programming with Xlib
.TH XSetClientPointer __LIB_MAN_SUFFIX__ __xorgversion__ "X FUNCTIONS"
.SH NAME
SetClientPointer, XGetClientPointer \- set or get a client's ClientPointer 
.SH SYNTAX
.HP
XSetClientPointer\^(\^Display *\fIdisplay\fP\^, Window \fIwin\fP\^, XDevice *\fIdevice\fP\^); 
.HP
XID XGetClientPointer\^(\^Display *\fIdisplay\fP\^, Window \fIwin\fP\^);
.fi
\fP
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP 12
.I display
Specifies the connection to the X server.
.TP 12
.I device
Specifies the device to set as ClientPointer.
.TP 12
.I win
Specifies a window belonging to the client. May be \fINone\fP.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The ClientPointer is the device that is used to fill non-XI protocol
requests, replies and events. Each time a protocol message needs
device-dependent data and the device is not explicitly given, the
ClientPointer device is used to obtain the data. For example, a
\fIXQueryPointer\fP request will return the coordinates of the ClientPointer.
The \fIXSetClientPointer\fP
request sets the ClientPointer device for the client that owns the given
window. If window is \fINone\fP, the requesting client's ClientPointer is set
to the given device.
.LP
The \fIXGetClientPointer\fP request returns the ClientPointer's device ID for
the client that owns the given window. If window is \fINone\fP, the requesting
client's ClientPointer is returned..
.LP
\fIXSetClientPointer\fP and \fIXGetClientPointer\fP can generate a
\fIBadDevice\fP and a \fIBadwindow\fP error.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.TP 12
\fIBadDevice\fP
An invalid device was specified.  The specified device does not exist,
or is not a pointer device.
.TP 12
\fIBadWindow\fP
A value for a Window argument does not name a defined Window.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.br
\fI\*(xL\fP
